#!/bin/bash
pacmanCommand() {
  sudo pacman --noconfirm $1 $2
}

cmd='-S'

if [[ 'uninstall' == $1 ]]; then
  cmd='-R'
fi

# Update system
if [[ $cmd == '-S' ]]; then
  sudo pacman --noconfirm -Syyu
fi

# Install or remove component
pacmanCommand $cmd arandr 
pacmanCommand $cmd base-devel
pacmanCommand $cmd dialog
pacmanCommand $cmd dunst 
pacmanCommand $cmd firefox 
pacmanCommand $cmd fzf 
pacmanCommand $cmd i3blocks
pacmanCommand $cmd i3-gaps
pacmanCommand $cmd libnotify 
pacmanCommand $cmd neovim
pacmanCommand $cmd sxiv 
pacmanCommand $cmd tmux 
pacmanCommand $cmd unclutter 
pacmanCommand $cmd unzip 
pacmanCommand $cmd upower
pacmanCommand $cmd wget
pacmanCommand $cmd xclip 
pacmanCommand $cmd xcompmgr 
pacmanCommand $cmd xorg-server
pacmanCommand $cmd xorg-xinit 
pacmanCommand $cmd xorg-xprop
pacmanCommand $cmd xorg-xwininfo
pacmanCommand $cmd xwallpaper
pacmanCommand $cmd zathura

# Apple hardware specific items
pacmanCommand $cmd lm_sensors 
pacmanCommand $cmd acpilight # conflicts with xorg-xbacklight
pacmanCommand $cmd intel-ucode
